Now, I'll show you
dense and ReLU layers.
First, I'll show you dense
layers and then ReLU layers.
Suppose that you have
a simple serial
model like this one.
Let's focus on the first
parts of the model.
Here, you have an input vector X
fully connected to a
layer of activations.
To get the value of z, let's
go into the activations.
You will have to compute
the inner products between
a set of trainable weights
and the input vector.
This single computation
is called a dense layer.
The ReLU layer is much simpler.
Let's take the same model
you've been working with.
The ReLU layer is
an activation layer
that typically follows a
dense fully connected layer,
and transforms any
negative values to
zero before sending them
onto the next layer.
To do this, the ReLU layer
computes the function g,
which returns a value of zero
for all negative values of z,
and z for all positive ones.
You've now seen the dense
layer and the ReLU layer.
Next, I'll show you how
to put a model together.